README.md, before:

# 📘 JavaScript Basics – Exercises

This repository contains the JavaScript exercises required for Sprint #2 of ITACADEMY.

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Clone the Repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/KevinLarriega98/S2.1-ITAcademy.git
cd S2.1-ITAcademy
```

---

## 📁 Repository Structure

HTML files and JavaScript files are implemented in separate folders.
- 🛠 All exercises include `console.log()` for testing and must be inspected using the browser console.

---

## 📚 Topics & Objectives

### **1.1 – Arrow Functions**

- Convert regular functions to arrow functions.
- Create arrow functions with and without parameters.
- Use `this` within arrow functions inside classes.
- Use arrow functions in loops and asynchronous contexts (e.g., `setTimeout`).

### **1.2 – Ternary Operators**

- Apply basic ternary syntax.
- Compare two values.
- Chain ternary expressions.
- Use ternary operators in loops and with functions.

### **1.3 – Callbacks**

- Create and invoke callback functions.
- Use callbacks with math operations.
- Apply callbacks in asynchronous logic (e.g., delays).
- Use callbacks with arrays and strings.

### **1.4 – Spread and Rest Operators**

- Merge arrays and copy objects using spread.
- Use rest parameters in function arguments.
- Combine destructuring with rest.
- Merge objects and pass array values as function arguments using spread.

### **1.5 – Array Transformations**

- Practice `map`, `filter`, `find`, `reduce`.
- Chain transformations to perform calculations in one line.
- Use `every` and `some` for condition checks.

### **1.6 – Array Loops**

- Use `forEach`, `for-of`, `for-in`, and conditional loops.
- Combine loops with conditions and break statements.
- Track element indexes manually in `for-of` loops.

### **1.7 – Promises & Async/Await**

- Create and handle Promises.
- Use `.then`, `.catch`, and `async/await`.
- Handle rejections and errors.
- Use `Promise.all` to manage multiple asynchronous operations.

Commit message:

improve README with project description, tech, usage, and learning objectives - @justmove1987

README.md, after:

# 📘 JavaScript Basics – Exercises

This project contains a collection of JavaScript exercises developed during Sprint #2 at ITACADEMY. The exercises focus on core JavaScript concepts such as arrow functions, ternary operators, callbacks, array methods, loops, and asynchronous programming. Each function is implemented in its own file and structured to be reusable, modular, and testable.

---

## 🎯 Learning Objectives

This project aims to:

- Reinforce foundational JavaScript skills through practical exercises.
- Apply functional programming techniques using `map`, `filter`, `reduce`, etc.
- Practice clean and modular code organization.
- Work with asynchronous logic using `Promises` and `async/await`.
- Gain confidence in writing and understanding testable, maintainable JavaScript functions.

---

## 💻 Technologies Used

- HTML
- CSS
- JavaScript

---

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Clone the Repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/KevinLarriega98/S2.1-ITAcademy.git
cd S2.1-ITAcademy
```

---

## 🗂️ Project Structure & Usage

- HTML and JavaScript files are organized in separate folders.
- To view and test the exercises, open any `.html` file in your browser (double-click or right-click → “Open with”).

---

## 📚 Topics & Objectives

### **1.1 – Arrow Functions**

- Convert regular functions to arrow functions.
- Create arrow functions with and without parameters.
- Use `this` within arrow functions inside classes.
- Use arrow functions in loops and asynchronous contexts (e.g., `setTimeout`).

### **1.2 – Ternary Operators**

- Apply basic ternary syntax.
- Compare two values.
- Chain ternary expressions.
- Use ternary operators in loops and with functions.

### **1.3 – Callbacks**

- Create and invoke callback functions.
- Use callbacks with math operations.
- Apply callbacks in asynchronous logic (e.g., delays).
- Use callbacks with arrays and strings.

### **1.4 – Spread and Rest Operators**

- Merge arrays and copy objects using spread.
- Use rest parameters in function arguments.
- Combine destructuring with rest.
- Merge objects and pass array values as function arguments using spread.

### **1.5 – Array Transformations**

- Practice `map`, `filter`, `find`, `reduce`.
- Chain transformations to perform calculations in one line.
- Use `every` and `some` for condition checks.

### **1.6 – Array Loops**

- Use `forEach`, `for-of`, `for-in`, and conditional loops.
- Combine loops with conditions and break statements.
- Track element indexes manually in `for-of` loops.

### **1.7 – Promises & Async/Await**

- Create and handle Promises.
- Use `.then`, `.catch`, and `async/await`.
- Handle rejections and errors.
- Use `Promise.all` to manage multiple asynchronous operations.
